  
  Universal Preprocessor - v{{app_version}}
  
  USAGE
  
    $ uni-preprocessor --help
    
    $ uni-preprocessor --version
    
    $ uni-preprocessor [options] source_file
    
    For the source file, do the pre-process, and output the preprocessed
    content to the console.
    
    Currently only supports one input file.
    
    You can also use the alias upp instead of the full name
    uni-preprocessor.
  
  OPTIONS
    
    -h  --help          Print this help page.
    
    -v  --version       Print the application version.
    
    -t  --target        Set which targets should be applied.
                        Can be set multiple times, or you can use
                        spaces or commas(,) to separate numeric
                        target names.
    
    -V  --verbose       Print the verbose information, usually for
                        debugging.
                        If this is enabled, the preprocessed result
                        will not be printed to the console, so you
                        need to set --output manually to get the
                        result.
    
    -o  --output        Set the preprocessed result file location.
        --out           If this is set, the result will not be printed
                        to the console, but the log will be printed.
                        So it is equivalent to --verbose in CURRENT
                        version.
                        Currently only supports one output file.
  
  EXAMPLE
    
    $ uni-preprocessor --target windows source.js > source.windows.js
    
    Process the source.js file, with windows target variable. Then uses
    the shell's output redirect to write the result to source.windows.js
    file.
    
    $ upp -v source.html --target vue,windows,local -o release.html
    
    Process the source.html file with targets vue, windows and local.
    Output the result directly to file release.html, and log the logs
    to console.
    
    $ upp source.txt --target v1 -t ext1,ext2
    
    Process the file source.txt with targets v1, ext1 and ext2, and show
    the result in console.
  
  
  This Uni Preprocessor does NOT have super goose powers!
